Centralize container publishing in a trusted workflow (#843)
awslabs/palace: docs/src/developer/notes.md

by a separate `Publish Containers` workflow that runs after a build completes:
the build only produces artifacts and makes no publishing decision, and the
publish workflow decides (from the triggering event) whether and what to
publish. Which channel a build publishes to depends on the event:

| Event                                       | Published channel |
|:------------------------------------------- |:----------------- |
| Push to `main`                              | `main` (rolling)  |
| Push of a release tag `vX.Y.Z`              | `X.Y.Z` (release) |
| Manual dispatch of `Containers` on a branch | `dev-<branch>`    |
| Pull request labeled `push-containers`      | `dev-<branch>`    |

### What gets built

Regular builds (push to `main`, pull requests, and manual dispatches) build only
each runner's native microarchitecture:

  - `sapphirerapids` (x64)
  - `neoverse_v1` (arm64)

Release tags (`vX.Y.Z`) build the full microarchitecture matrix instead, so
a release publishes a tuned image for each target:

  - `x86_64_v3`, `x86_64_v4`, `sapphirerapids` (x64)
  - `aarch64`, `neoverse_v1`, `neoverse_v2` (arm64)

### Publishing a `dev-<branch>` prototype from a branch

> To publish a `dev-<branch>` container, just trigger the `Containers` workflow.

Reviewer: Could we document the branch-name restriction here? `DEV_BRANCH_RE` only accepts the fairly narrow `prefix/name` shape below. Otherwise someone can follow these instructions, wait for the build to finish successfully, and still get no container because publication rejects the branch name.

```suggestion
To publish a `dev-<branch>` container, trigger the `Containers` workflow. The
branch must have the form `prefix/name`: the prefix may contain only letters,
numbers, `_`, or `.`, and the name must start alphanumeric and may additionally
contain `_`, `.`, or `-`. Exactly one `/` is supported.
```
